this is a waxing burn I gotta get rid of
the peach fuzz i pluck and I pluck and i
plug and I blah tired of plucking waxing
and smelly creams want to know how
models get their silky sexy hair free
skin it's today's hottest trendiest
salon treatment threading introducing
sleek the do-it-yourself spa quality
face and body hair threader now you can
skip the salon and give yourself this
exclusive star treatment at home one of
the things that i love about sleek is
that it takes them all off this whole
area was gone and a couple of minutes i
am so impressed how easy it is how well
it works women are going to love it it
doesn't matter how stubborn course are
fine the hair the sleek precision hair
threader removes it all with waxing
you're removing the hair but also the
top layer of your skin with sleek all
you're doing is removing the hair a
sleek stipulation thread glides across
your skin a line of yours is captured
and gently lifted from the follicle
leaving your skin hair free and silky
smooth I just went back and forth within
two or three minutes and they're gone
sleek is great because now I can do all
the threading by myself I don't have to
spend the 65 dollars per month to go to
a salon sleekit the long-lasting
affordable way to instantly remove
unwanted hair from your upper lip your
forehead sideburns cheeks your arms even
your fingers and toes click remove they
have by the rule so because it is very
smooth and there's no irritation no more
peach fuzz it's phenomenal I love sleep
absolutely love it now it's time for you
to discover your mystique feel sleek
call now or go to feel sleek calm to
find out how to get your sleek face and
body hair threader 10 sleek epilation
threads nerad carry case our DVD and
instruction booklets showing you how to
sleep like a pro plus two free samples
from sleeps epilation enhancing skincare
collection your satisfaction is
guaranteed so don't wait call to feel
sleek now
you